Disallow dropping col with table-lvl check constraint (#14989)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/5.5.1.rst

Fixes
=====

> - Return meaningful error when trying to drop a column which participates in a
>   :ref:`table level constraint with other columns <check_constraint_multiple_cols>`
>   , or its sub-columns participate in a
>   :ref:`table level constraint <check_constraint_multiple_cols>` together with
>   columns that are not sub-columns of the column to be dropped, For example, we
>   cannot drop column ``o['oo']`` from the following tables::
> 
>     CREATE TABLE t1 (a int, o object AS (oa int, oo object AS(ooa int, oob long)),
>                      CHECK (o['oo']['oob'] + o['oa'] > 0))
>     CREATE TABLE t2 (a int, o object AS (oa int, oo object AS(ooa int, oob long)),
>                      CHECK (o['oo']['oob'] + a > 0))
>     CREATE TABLE t3 (a int, o object AS (
>                        oa int,
>                        oo object AS(ooa int, oob long),
>                        obj object AS (obja int, objb long))
>                      CHECK (o['oo']['oob'] + o['obj']['objb'] > 0))

Reviewer: I think this could be simplified and still addresses all cases. 
```suggestion
- Return meaningful error when trying to drop a column which itself or it's sub-columns participates in a
  :ref:`table level constraint with other columns <check_constraint_multiple_cols>`.
  For example, we  cannot drop column ``my_object`` from the following tables::

    CREATE TABLE t1 (a int, my_object object AS (col_a int)),
                     CHECK (my_object + i > 0))
    CREATE TABLE t2 (a int, my_object object AS (col_a int)),
                     CHECK (my_object['col_a'] + i > 0))
```

Author: Maybe you mean change `a` to `i`? also `my_object + i > 0` doesn't work, cannot add to an object :)

Reviewer: > Maybe you mean change `a` to `i`? also `my_object + i > 0` doesn't work, cannot add to an object :)

Yes sure, was just a typo :D

Author: ok, thx!

Fixes
=====

- Added restriction to not allow to drop a column which participates in a

>   :ref:`table level constraint with other columns <check_constraint_multiple_cols>`.

Reviewer: What happen currently, is the column dropped and the table is then in an unusable state? Or will this end in an non-clear other error?

Author: You get a weird error `Column b uknown` for example, because the constraints remain in metadata and it is not resolved to the internal oid based name, but nothing breaks, there is no cluster state update happening, the command just fails, so in the `DropColumnTask` we need to remove those constraints as well.

Author: Real fix: https://github.com/crate/crate/pull/14991

> - Added restriction to not allow to drop a column which participates in a
>   :ref:`table level constraint with other columns <check_constraint_multiple_cols>`.

Reviewer: So we should phrase what change is visible for the user instead?
```suggestion
- Return meaningful error when trying to drop a column which participates
  in a
  :ref:`table level constraint with other columns <check_constraint_multiple_cols>`.
```

Author: ok, yes, makes sense, thx!

Author: fixed
